Copy component docs (#1503)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/copy/button/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

## Usage

### When to use

- Use the `CopyButton` to conveniently copy large text blocks, such as code snippets, API keys, or Tokens. 

> - Don't use the `CopyButton` to copy the text within the button container, instead use a `CopySnippet`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don’t use the `CopyButton` to copy the text within the button container, instead use a `CopySnippet`.
```

> - Don’t use the `CopyButton` to copy the text within the button container, instead use a `CopySnippet`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Don’t use the `CopyButton` to copy the text within the button container, instead use a [Copy Snippet](/components/copy/snippet).
```

> - Don’t use the `CopyButton` to copy the text within the button container, instead use a [Copy Snippet](/components/copy/snippet).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Don’t use the `Copy::Button` to copy the text within the button container, instead use a [`Copy::Snippet`](/components/copy/snippet).
```

### When not to use

- Don’t place the `Copy::Button` in a disconnected location. It should be visually associated with specific content or context to prevent confusion.

## Sizes

The `Copy::Button` default size is medium, but you can choose a different size that best suits your UI. For example, avoid using a medium-sized `Copy::Button` in a small code block where it looks out of place. Ensure that the size of the `Copy::Button` aligns well with the surrounding elements. 

## Placement 

> Don’t place the `Copy::Button` in a disconnected area within the UI. It should be visually associated with specific content or context to prevent user confusion.

Author: @andgen404 can you update this per the feedback? Thank you!

## Usage

### When to use

> - To copy large text blocks, such as code snippets, API keys, or Tokens. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- To copy plain text, large code snippets, and input values.
- When needing separation between the text-to-copy and the copy interaction.
```

### When not to use

> - To copy the text within the button, use a [Copy Snippet](/components/copy/snippet).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- To copy short code snippets, such as URLs, tokens, IDs, use a [Copy Snippet](/components/copy/snippet).
```

## Sizes

The `Copy::Button` comes in small and medium sizes. Use the size that best fits the hierarchy of the UI. 

<Doc::Layout @spacing="16px">
  <Hds::Copy::Button @text="Copy" @size="small" />
  <Hds::Copy::Button @text="Copy" @size="medium" />
</Doc::Layout>

## Placement 

Don’t place the `Copy::Button` in a disconnected area within the UI. It should be visually associated with specific content or context to prevent user confusion.

> !!! Do

Reviewer 3: I would reverse the order of the Do/Dont blocks so the incorrect example comes first, and then you show them how to correct it.

> Keeping the `Copy::Button` near the content being copied enables users to recognize what they are copying to their clipboard.

Reviewer 2: What about: Placing a Copy Button close to the content explicitly communicates what is being copied.

> Keeping the `Copy::Button` near the content being copied enables users to recognize what they are copying to their clipboard.

Reviewer 2: What about: Placing a Copy Button close to the content explicitly communicates what is being copied.

> Keeping the `Copy::Button` near the content being copied enables users to recognize what they are copying to their clipboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Placing a Copy Button close to the content explicitly communicates what is being copied.
```

> !!! Do
> 
> Placing a Copy Button close to the content explicitly communicates what is being copied.
> 
> ![Example of the copy button component using proper placement] (/assets/components/copy/copy-button-placement-do.png)
> !!!
> 
> !!! Dont
> 
> Placing the Copy Button far away from the content being copied may make it challenging for users to recognize what they are copying to their clipboard.
> 
> ![Example of the Copy Button component using improper placement] (/assets/components/copy/copy-button-placement-dont.png)
> !!!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!! Dont

Placing the Copy Button far away from the content being copied may make it challenging for users to recognize what they are copying to their clipboard.

![Example of the Copy Button component using improper placement] (/assets/components/copy/copy-button-placement-dont.png)
!!!

!!! Do

Placing a Copy Button close to the content explicitly communicates what is being copied.

![Example of the copy button component using proper placement] (/assets/components/copy/copy-button-placement-do.png)
!!!
```

## Usage

### When to use

- To copy plain text, large code snippets, and input values.
- When needing separation between the text-to-copy and the copy interaction.

### When not to use

- To copy short code snippets, such as URLs, tokens, IDs, use a [Copy Snippet](/components/copy/snippet).

## Sizes

The Copy Button comes in small and medium sizes. Use the size that best fits the hierarchy of the UI. 

<Doc::Layout @spacing="16px">
  <Hds::Copy::Button @text="Copy" @size="small" />
  <Hds::Copy::Button @text="Copy" @size="medium" />
</Doc::Layout>

## Placement 

Place the Copy Button as close to the content being copied as possible. Avoid too much visual separation between the content and the button to ensure users understand what will be copied to the clipboard.

!!! Dont

Placing the Copy Button far away from the content being copied may make it challenging for users to recognize what they are copying to their clipboard.

> ![Example of the Copy Button component using improper placement] (/assets/components/copy/copy-button-placement-dont.png)

Reviewer 4: Just cleaning up the markdown a bit.

```suggestion
![Example of the Copy Button component using improper placement](/assets/components/copy/copy-button-placement-dont.png)
```

!!!

!!! Do

Placing a Copy Button close to the content explicitly communicates what is being copied.

> ![Example of the copy button component using proper placement] (/assets/components/copy/copy-button-placement-do.png)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
![Example of the copy button component using proper placement](/assets/components/copy/copy-button-placement-do.png)
```

### When to use

> - Use the `CopyButton` to conveniently copy large text blocks, such as code snippets, API keys, or Tokens. 

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I agree with this. I'll follow this naming pattern 👍

### When not to use

- Don’t place the `CopyButton` in a disconnected location. It should be visually associated with specific content or context to prevent confusion.

## Sizes

The `CopyButton` default size is medium, but you can choose a different size that best suits your UI. For example, avoid using a medium-sized `CopyButton` in a small code block where it looks out of place. Ensure that the size of the `CopyButton` aligns well with the surrounding elements. 

## Placement 

Don’t place the `CopyButton` in a disconnected area within the UI. It should be visually associated with specific content or context to prevent user confusion.

!!! Do

Keeping the `CopyButton` in conjunction with the content being copied enables users to easily recognize what they are copying to their clipboard.

![Example of the copy button component using proper placement] (/assets/components/copy/copy-button-placement-do.png =875x*)

!!!

!!! Dont

Not placing the `CopyButton` in conjunction with the content being copied may make it challenging for users to recognize what they are copying to their clipboard.

> ![Example of the copy button component not using proper placement] (/assets/components/copy/copy-button-placement-dont.png =875x*)

Author: cc @andgen404
